[ENGLISH]
UpayH = Measures of Mahadasha antardasha
UpaySH = Measures to reduce the ill effects of Dasha difference
NakUpayaH = Measures according to birth constellation
 
Su = Sun
Mo = Moon
Ma = Mars
Me = Mercury
Ju = Jupiter
Ve = Venus
Sa = Saturn
Ra = Rahu
Ke = Ketu
 
USu = Sun – Sun:- Chanting of the Sun Mrityunjaya Mantra, donate Sun Planet related items, Read Aditya hridaya strot.\n Sun - Moon:- Worship Sun, Donate white Cow or Milk giving Buffalo.\n Sun - Mars:- Ved chanting, donation etc.\n Sun - Rahu:- Durga Path, donating sheep goat, donating black cow or buffalo. \n Sun - Jupiter:- gold donation, chanting your favor God, donate Kapila cow.\n Sun - Saturn:- Chant mrityunjaya mantra or donate sheep or goat.\n Sun - Mercury:- Read Vishnu sahastranaam, donate grain and silver statue of lord Vishnu.\n Sun - Ketu:- Durgajap, Donate male goat and read texts. Feed black dog and ants.\n Sun - Venus:- Mrityunjaya jaap or Rudraabhishek, donate white cow or buffalo.
UMo = Moon - Moon:- Donate white cow or milk giving buffalo for peace. 8 balls of silver.\n Moon - Mars:- Brahmins should be felicitated for peace.\n Moon-Rahu Rudrajap should be chanted and donate sea foam (sheep or goat) for peace.\n Moon - Jupiter:- Chant Shiva Sahastra Naam for peace and gold should be donated.\n Moon - Saturn:- Chant Mahamrintyunjaya, black buffalo or cow should be donated. It has health benefits.\n Moon - Mercury:- Donate goat for peace and recite Vishnu Sahastranaam.\n Moon - Ketu:- Chant Mrityunjay for peace.\n Moon - Venus:- Rudrajap (Rudriya Text or oblution) for peace, Donate white Cow, Silver should be donated.\n Moon - Sun Should worship God for peace. Then there is peace with God's grace.
UMa = Mars - Mars:- donation of a bull or a calf, Rudriya path increases health and property.\n Mars - Rahu:- Nagpuja, worship of Gods and feeding Brahmins and chanting of mrityunjaya jaap preserves health.\n Mars - Jupiter:- Should recite Shiva Sahastra for its peace.\n Mars - Saturn:- Should chant Mahamrityunjaya for its peace.\n Mars - Mercury:- Donate horse and Vishnu Sahastra should be recited for its peace.\n Mars - Ketu:- Mrityunjaya jap should be chanted.\n Mars - Venus:- Should donate white cow or milk giving buffalo.\n Mars - Sun Worship lord Vishnu or Ram and the sun.\n Mars - Moon:- Durga and Lakshmi ji path should be read.
URa = Rahu -Rahu Worship with Rudreey jap, Aghor Mantra, do chanting and give donations.\n Rahu - Jupiter:- Statue of Lord Shiva should be donated and worship lord Shiva.\n Rahu - Saturn:- Donate black cow or buffalo.\n Rahu - Mercury:- Chant Vishnu Sahastra Naam\nRahu - Ketu:- Goat etc. should be donated.\n Rahu - Venus:- Durga and Lakshmi should be chanted.\n Rahu - Sun Sun salutation and Surya Namaskar\n Rahu - Moon:- Donation of white cow or buffalo.\n Rahu - Mars:- Cow and bull should be donated.
UJu = Jupiter -Jupiter Shiv sahastranaam or Rudrabhishek should be done and donate cow.\n Jupiter - Saturn:- Donate the lessons of Saturn Vishnu Sahastra, blackcow or buffalo.\n Jupiter - Mercury:- Read Vishnu Sahastra.\n Jupiter - Ketu:- Donate Goat , chant Mrityunjaya duly.\n Jupiter - Venus:- peace by donating white cow or buffalo.\n Jupiter -Sun Read aditya hriday strot.\n Jupiter - Moon:- Do Durga paath and water banana tree.\n Jupiter: Mars Donate bull or calf and should read Mangal Strot.\n Jupiter: Rahu Mrityunjay Jap, donate goat, worship god, take blessing of Guru, worship of Bhairav Dev.
USa = Saturn - Saturn:- Chant Maha Mtrityunjay Mantra. Shani Strot and Shani Yantra should be chanted.\n Saturn - Mercury:- Read Vishnu Sahastranaam, Grains should be donated.\n Saturn - Ketu:- Goat should be donated.\n Saturn - Venus:- Do Durga paath, donate white cow or buffalo.\n Saturn - Sun Sun should be worshipped.\n Saturn - Moon:- Perform yagya with sesame, donate jaggery, ghee and curd, rice, donate white cow and buffalo.\n Saturn - Mars:- Yagya, Bull should be donated.\n Saturn - Rahu:- Chant mrityunjaya jap, should donate goat, donate bull.\n Saturn - Jupiter:- Chant Shiva Sahatranaam. Donate gold.
UMe = Mercury - Mercury:- Vishnu Sahastranaam should be recited. Read Gopal Sahastranaam or Vishnu Gayatri.\n Mercury - Ketu:- goat should be donated.\n Mercury - Venus:- must read Durgapaath. Nawaarn Mantra should be chanted.\n Mercury - Sun Sun worship, Aditya hridaya strot. Gayatri Mantra should be chanted.\n Mercury - Moon:- Donate clothes and do Durgapaath. Person should keep fast on Satya Narayan or chandramaas.\n Mercury - Mars:- Chant Mrityunjaya jao and donate cow.\n Mercury - Rahu:- Read the text of Durga and Lakshmi, chanting (Saptasati madhyam charitra should always be read) Donate cow and milk giving buffalo.\n Mercury - Jupiter:- Donate gold cow and land recite Ravi Sahastra Naam or Sahastra Rudrabhishek.\n Mercury - Saturn:- Chant Mrityunjaya Mantra, Donate black cow or buffalo.
UKe = ketu - Ketu:- Read Durgapaath and chant Mrityunjaya.\n Ketu - Venus:- Read Durgapaath, donate white cow or milk giving buffalo.\n Ketu - Sun Donation of statue of Cow made of gold.\n Ketu - Moon:- Chant the moon and do jap etc. worship the Goddess.\n Ketu - Mars:- Donate a bull or a calf.\n Ketu - Rahu:- Durga paath should be done.\n Ketu - Jupiter:- The recitation of the Shiva Sahastranaam, chant Mahamrityunjaya mantra.\n Ketu - Saturn:- should donate black cow or buffalo, Perform yagya with mixed country ghee in black sesame seeds.\n Ketu - Mercury:- Chant Vishnu Sahastranaam for Mercury.
UVe = Venus - Venus:- Read Durga paath, cow should be donated.\n Venus - Sun Should do Sun chanting and sun donation and paath recitation should be done.\n Venus - Moon:- Chant Moon and do Moon's charity and chant the Goddess.\n Venus - Mars:- Mars Donation, Bhairav worship or Hanuman worship and bull should be donated.\n Venus - Rahu:- Should chant Mrityunjaya mantra. Read text of Shani strot, Shed raw Coal according to weight.\n Venus - Jupiter:- Should chant Mahamrityunjaya mantra and donate gold.\n Venus - Saturn:- Yagya with sesame must be done, chant Mahamrityunjaya mantra and do chandi paath.\n Venus - Mercury:- Chant the Vishnu Sahastranaam. Saraswati Mantra, singing Ram Naam should be done.\n Venus - Ketu:- Mrityunjaya jap, Bull donation and shanti durga paath of venus should be done.

 
unak1 = Your birth Star is Ashwini in your horoscope. If you have to get rid of your problems then you have to take measures related to your Ashwini Nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. The person who is born specially in Ashwini Nakshatra,the birth constellation of his parent is also Ashwini. It depends on that constellation that what heights person will reach in his life. The god of Ashwini Nakshatra is Ashwani Kumar Jee and Swami is Ketu.\n The star of your birth is Ashwini, so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Ashwinau Tejasakshau Pranen Saraswati, Veeryam Vachendro\n Balenendray Dadhurindriyam. Om Ashwini Kumarabhyo Namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. The chanting of this mantra will benefit you in whatever pains you get in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth ashwini, then you will get a special benefit because the person who makes the nature green nature fills his life with prosperity. Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is a Kuchila, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation items according to your constellation are black sesame, sugar, blanket, satinja, coconut, iron, weapon etc.
unak2 = Your Birth Constellation in your Birth Planet is bharani. If you have to get rid of your problem then you have to take measures related to your constellation Bharani which will be beneficial for you. The person who is born specially in constellation Bharani, his parents belong to that same constellation It depends on that constellation that how high person will reach in his life. The God of Bharani Nakshatra is Yamraj ji and Swami is Venus.\n The nakshatra of your birth is Bharni so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Yamayatva Mahayatva Suryasyatva Savitamadhva\n Naktu Prithviya s Gavam Sparshspaahi Archirasi Shochirasi Taposi.\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. The chanting of this mantra will benefit from whatever pain you suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Bharani, you will get a special benefit because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green(prosperity). You must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is an aamla tree, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, then he has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, , the objects of your donation according to your constellation are rice, sugar, ghee, milk, curd, silver, white garments etc.
unak3 = Your Birth Constellation is your birth chart is Kritika. If you have to get rid of your problem, you have to take measures related to your Kratika Nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in Kratika Nakshatra, his parents also belong to the same constellation. It depending on that constellationthat how high a person reaches in his life. Goddess of Kritika Nakshatra is Agni Dev ji and Swami is Sun.\n The constellation of your birth is Kritika, so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Ayamagni Sahtrino Vaajasya Shanti Gavam\n Vanaspati Moordhra Kaboreenaam. Om Agnaye Naham\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will remove obstacles in your life. And you will benefit from the chanting of this mantra.\n If you plant a tree of your birth constellation Kritika, you will get a special benefit, because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green(prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / Banyan / peepal trees. Your birth nakshatra tree is Goolar, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation items according to your constellation are jaggery, saffron, wheat, red cloth, copper, cow, lentil dal etc.
unak4 = Your Birth Constellation is Rohini in your Horoscope. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Rohini Nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. The person who is born specially in Rohini Nakshatra, his parents also belong to the same constellation. It depends on that constellation that how much high aperson will reach in his life. God of Rohini Nakshatra is Lord Brahma and Swami is Moon.\n The star of your birth is Rohini.The star of your birth is Rohini, so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Oh Brahmajgyaan prathamam Purastadvisimat Suruchovan Sabudhanya Upma\n Asyavishtha Stashchayonim Tashchvivah (Satashchayonimastashchavidh)\n Om Brahamane Namah\n You must chant this mantr for 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you suffer in your life.\n If you plant tree of your birth star, Rohini, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green(prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is a uchila, so you should plant this tree.\n If a person donates berries in his life, it has special significance for him. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation items according to your constellation are rice, white cloth, sugar candy, shellfish, camphor, silver, pearl etc.
unak5 = Your birth constellation in your horoscope is Mrigshira. If you have to get rid of your problem then you have to take measures related to your Mrigshira Nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Mrigshira, his parent's birth constellation is also the same. It depends on that constellation that how high person will reach in his life. God of the Mrigshira Nakshatra is Moon and Swami is Mangal.\n The constellation of your birth is the Mrigshira so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om somdhenu gavam somaavantumashu gavam Somovir karmanyandadati\n Yadatyaviddhya Gavam Sabheyampitra ashravanyom. Om Chandramese Namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit from whatever pain you suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Mrigshira, you will get a special benefit because the person who makes the nature green in nature, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. Your birth nakshatra tree is Khair so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are wheat, gum, sugar, lentil pulse, red cloth, red flower, copper etc.
unak6 = Your birth constellation in your horoscope is Aadra. If you have to get rid of your problems then you have to take measures related to your Arda constellation which will be beneficial for you. The person who is born specially in the Aadra constellation, his parent's constellation is also Aadra is the birth parent of that person. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Aadra constellation is Lord Shiva and Swami is Rahu.\n The constellation of your birth is Aadra so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Namaste Rudra Manyavaiyotot Eishvay Namah Bahubhyaam Mutte Namah\n Om rudray namah.\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit from whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Aadra, then you will get a special benefit because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is shisham, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, then it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are black sesame, coconut oil, satinja, blankets, glasses, sword etc.
unak7 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Punarvasu. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Punarvasu nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Punarvasu nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Punarvasu. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Punarvasu nakshatra is Aditi Mata Jee and Swami is Jupiter.\n The constellation of your birth is Punarvasu so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Aditidyorditirantrikshmditi rmata s pita s putra\n Vishwadeva Aditi Panchajana Aditijatam Aditarrajanityam.\n Om adityay namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Punarvasu, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green. Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is bamboo, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are split gram pulse, laddu, turmeric, yellow clothes, gold, clay pot, salt etc.
unak8 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Pushya. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Punarvasu nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Pushya nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Pushya . It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Pushya nakshatra is lord Jupiter and Swami is Saturn.\n The constellation of your birth is Pushya so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Brihaspate Atiyadaryo Arhaad Dumadvibhati Krantamajjaneshu\n Yadadidayachchhavas Ritpragyaat Tadasmaasu Dravid Dhehi Chitram.\n Om Brihaspataye Namah\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Pushya , then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green. Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is Peepal , so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are black sesame seeds, mustard oil, urad, black cloth, iron utensil etc.
unak9 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Aashlesha. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Aashlesha nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Aashlesha nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Aashlesha . It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Aashlesha nakshatra is Naagdev jee and Swami is Mercury.\n The constellation of your birth is Aashlesha so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Namostu Sarpebhyoye ke ch Prithvimanu\n Ye Antarikshe Yo Devitebhya Sarpebhyo Namah\n Om Sarpebhyo namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Aashlesha , then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green. Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is Nagkesar , so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are Mishri, ghee, moong, green cloth, gold, utensil of bronze metal etc.
unak10 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Magha. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Magha nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Magha nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Magha . It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Magha nakshatra is Pitridev ji and Swami is Ketu.\n The constellation of your birth is Magha so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Pitrabhya Swadhayibhya Swadhanam Pitamahebhya Swadhayibhya Swadhaanam.\n Prapitamahebhya Swadhayibhya Swadhanam Akshann Pitromiimdant\n Om Pitrebhya Namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n f you plant a tree of your birth star Magha , then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green. Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is Banyan , so you should plant this tree.\n f someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are Black sesame seeds, sugar, blanket, satanja, coconut, iron, weapons etc.
unak11= Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Poorva Falguni. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Poorva Falguni nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Poorva Falguni nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Poorva Falguni . It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Poorva Falguni nakshatra is Bhag Dev ji and Swami is Venus.\n The constellation of your birth is Poorva Falguni so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Bhagpranetabhargsatyaraadho bhage maam Dhiyamudwaadann.\n Bhagprajananaay Gobhirshwaigarbhpranetribhirnuwant syaam.\n Om Bhagaay Namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Poorva Falguni , then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green. Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is Dhaak , so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are rice, sugar, ghee, milk, curd, silver, white clothes etc.
unak12 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Uttara Falguni. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Uttara Falguni nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Uttara Falguni nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Uttara Falguni . It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Uttara Falguni nakshatra is Ayarma Dev ji and Swami is Sun.\n The constellation of your birth is Uttara Falguni so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Daivya vaddharvyoo ch aagat gavam sthen Suryaytavcha.\n aghwayagya Gavam Samanjaayatam Pratnaya Yam Venashchitram Devanaam\n Om Aryaamane Namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Uttara Falguni , then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green. Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is Paakad , so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are jaggery, saffron, wheat, red cloth, copper, cow, black lentin etc.
unak13 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Hast. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Hast nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Hast nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Hast. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Hast nakshatra is Sun and Swami is Moon.\n The constellation of your birth is Hast so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Vibhraadvrihanpiwatu Simyam Madhyaryuddhagya Patt w Vihutam\n Vaatjutoyo Abhi Rakshatimna Pragya Puposh Purudhavirajati.\n Om Savitre Namah\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Hast , then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosper). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is Retha , so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are rice, white cloth, mishri, sahnkh, camphor, silver, pearl etc.
unak14 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Chitra. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Chitra nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Chitra nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Chitra. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Chitra nakshatra is Vishwakarma jee and Swami is Mars.\n The constellation of your birth is Chitra so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Twashtatureeyo Adbhut Indraagi Pushtivardhanam.\n Dwipadapadaya Chhand Indriyamuksha Gautr Vayodadhu.\n Twashtadrenam . Om Vishvakarmane Namah\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Chitra , then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosper). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth is Bel, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are Jaggery, wheat, sugar, black lentin pulse, red cloth, red flower, copper etc.
unak15 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Swati. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Swati nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Swati nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Swati. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Swati nakshatra is Pawan Dev and Swami is Rahu.\n The constellation of your birth is Swati so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Vayarannadi Budh Sumedh Sishiktino.\n Yutamabhi Shree Tam Wayawe Sumnasa Vitasthurwishwenar\n Swapatthya Nichakru. Om Vayav Namah\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Swati, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Arjun, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are black sesame seeds, coconut oil, satnaja, blanket, mirror, sword etc.
unak16 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Vishakha. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Vishakha nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Vishakha nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Vishakha. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Vishakha nakshatra is Indra Dev and Swami is Jupiter.\n The constellation of your birth is Vishakha so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Indragni Aagat Gavam Sutam Garbhirnamo Varenyam.\n Asya Paat Ghiyoshita. Om Indrangibhyam Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Vishakha, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Vikankat, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are split gram pulse, laddoo, turmeric, yellow cloth, gold, clay pot, salt etc.
unak17 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Anuradha. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Anuradha nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Anuradha nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Anuradha. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Anuradha nakshatra is Mitra Dev and Swami is Saturn.\n The constellation of your birth is Anuradha so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Namo Mitrasyavarunasya Chakshase Maho Devaay Tad Ta\n Gavam Saparyat Doorandashe Dev Jataay Ketave Divasputraay Suryoyash\n Gavam Sat. Om Mitraay Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Anuradha, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Maulshree, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are black sesame seeds, mustard oil, urad, black cloth, iron utensil etc.
unak18 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Jyeshtha. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Jyeshtha nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Jyeshtha nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Jyeshtha. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Jyeshtha nakshatra is Indra Dev and Swami is Mercury.\n The constellation of your birth is Jyeshtha so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Traatabhindrambitaarmindra Gavam Hawesuhav Gavam Shoormindram Vahyaami Shakram\n Puruhootabhidram Gavam swasti No Madhwa Dhatvindra. Om Indraay Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Jyeshtha, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Cheed, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are mishri, ghee, moong, green cloth, gold, copper utensil etc.
unak19 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Mool. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Mool nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Mool nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Mool. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Mool nakshatra is Niriti Dev and Swami is Ketu. \n The constellation of your birth is Mool so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-Om Matevputram Prithivi Pureeshyamagni Gavam Swayonavabharusha Taam\n Vishvedaivritubhi Samvidaan Prajapati Vishvakarma Vimucht. Om Niritaye Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Mool, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Saal, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are black sesame seeds, sugar, blanket, satnaja, coconut, iron, weapon etc.
unak20 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Purvashada. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Purvashada nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Purvashada nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Purvashada. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Purvashada nakshatra is Jal Dev and Swami is Venus.\n The constellation of your birth is Purvashada so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Apaagh Mam Keelwasham Pakrilyamporap Apaamaargtwamsmad Yadu Swapanya Suv. Om Adubhyo Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Purvashada, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Jalvetas, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are rice, sugar, ghee, milk, curd, silver, white cloth etc.
unak21 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Utarashada. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Utarashada nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Utarashada nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Utarashada. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Utarashada nakshatra is Vishvedev ji and Swami is Sun .\n he constellation of your birth is Utarashada so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Vishve a. Marut Vishveuto vishve Bhavatyagnay Samiddha\n Vishvenodeva Avsaagmantu drawidam Baajo Asmai.\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Utarashada, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Kathal, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are jaggery, saffron, wheat, red cloth, copper, cow, black lentil etc.
unak22 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Shravan. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Shravan nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Shravan nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Shravan. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Shravan nakshatra is Vishnu ji and Swami is Moon.\n The constellation of your birth is Shravan so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Vishnoraratamasi Vishno Shnapatrestho Vishno Syursivishno\n Dhurvosi Vaishnavmasi Vishnavetwa. Om Vishnave Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Shravan, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Madaar, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are rice, white cloth, mishri, shankh, camphor, silver, pearl etc.
unak23 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Ghanishtha. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Ghanishtha nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Ghanishtha nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Ghanishtha. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Ghanishtha nakshatra is Ashtavasu ji and Swami is Mars.\n The constellation of your birth is Ghanishtha so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Vasoroopawitramasi Shatdhaaramvaso Pavitramasi Sahastradhaaram.\n Devastavasavita Punaatuwaso Pavitrenshatdhaaren Suptawakaamdhuksh.\n Om Vasubhyo Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Ghanishtha, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Shamee, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are wheat, jaggery, sugar, black lentils, red cloth, red flower, copper etc.
unak24 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Shatbhisha. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Shatbhisha nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Shatbhisha nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Shatbhisha. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Shatbhisha nakshatra is Varen dev ji and Swami is Rahu. 
The constellation of your birth is Shatbhisha so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.
Mantra-
Om Varunasyottambhanamsivarunasyaskum Masarjani Stho Varunasya Ritasadanya Si Varun Syaritamadan Sasi Varunasyaritasadanamasi. Om Varunaay Namah. 
You must chant this mantra 9,000 times. 
Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.
If you plant a tree of your birth star Shatbhisha, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Kadamb, so you should plant this tree.
If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are Black sesame seeds, coconut oil, satnaja, blanket, mirror, sword etc.
unak25 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Poorvabhadrapad. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Poorvabhadrapad nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Poorvabhadrapad nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Poorvabhadrapad. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Poorvabhadrapad nakshatra is Ajaikpaad dev ji and Swami is Jupiter.\n The constellation of your birth is Poorvabhadrapad so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Utanahirvudhanya Shrinotvaj Ekapaprithivi Samudra Vishvedeva.\n Rita Vridho Huwana Stutamantra Kavishasta Avantu.\n Om Ajaikyapade Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Poorvabhadrapad, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Mango, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are split gram pulse, laddoo, turmeric, yellow cloth, gold, clay pot, salt etc.
unak26 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Uttarabhadrapad. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Uttarabhadrapad nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Uttarabhadrapad nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Uttarabhadrapad. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Uttarabhadrapad nakshatra is Ahirbudhanya dev ji and Swami is Saturn.\n The constellation of your birth is Uttarabhadrapad so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Shivonaamasisvadhitisto Pita namastaistumaamaaahi Gavam So\n Nirvattayaamyayushe Tradhyay Prajannayar Rayposhay (Suprajaswaay).\n Om Ahirbuddhaay Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Uttarabhadrapad, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Neem, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are black sesame seeds, mustard oil, urad, black cloth, iron utensil etc.
unak27 = Your Birth Constellation in your horoscope is Revti. If you have to get rid of your problems, then you have to take measures related to your Revti nakshatra which will be beneficial for you. In particular, the person who is born in the Revti nakshatra, his parent's birth constellation is also Revti. It depends on that constellation that how high a person will reach in his life. God of Revti nakshatra is Pusha Surya dev ji and Swami is Mercury.\n The constellation of your birth is Revti so you should chant the mantra of your birth nakshatra.\n Mantra:-\n Om Pooshan Tav Vrate Waya Narishebhya Kadachan.\n Stotarasteihasmasi. Om Pooshne Namah.\n You must chant this mantra 11,000 times. Chanting this mantra will benefit you in whatever pain you will suffer in your life.\n If you plant a tree of your birth star Revti, then you will get special benefits because the person who makes the nature green, nature fills his life with green (prosperity). Typically you must plant neem / banyan / peepal trees. The tree of your birth star is Mahua, so you should plant this tree.\n If someone makes a donation in his life, it has special significance. You should donate according to your constellation, your donation item according to your constellation are mishri, ghee, moong, green cloth, gold, copper utensil etc.
